hi my name is Isabel his mommy all right
so you have Ninja Turtle blind bags
devious one and these are you get one
peach a figurine and one 3d puzzle card
and it says it's ages 4 ah this is
figurines are not articulated with no
moving parts and yeah we found these at
target I want to say they were too much
for 399 I far prefer you guys members
you are so so this is the front and this
is of the back yeah I looks like there's
six different ones deflect but it could
I could be wrong it just looks like
they're six on that so let's get to
opening do you have full coverage if
you're not careful you cut so you have
this little so here's this little car
it's a 3d one I'm pretty hard yeah on
the back it's all I got Master Splinter
there's a description of lunar new any
other so that's that my little keychain
guy under oh it's cute and even the back
has a lot of to Tom this isn't really
cool it's and I got it stands up to its
left I got some messages inches and a
card
here I'll help you shot here's the
fastest plane jet I really like
it because they can stand so that's hey
I think we almost had them a little full
puzzle but we just need two more people
all right a different one and a shutter
I'm awesome I got my piece so this is
really cool because we didn't get
doubles but of course watch when i go
back to try to find the rest of them I'm
gonna get the same lips cuz I mean I
like that's what's gonna so here's my
car and I think we all want me to see
cuddle you about Michelangelo I I got
Master Splinter no chatter chatter
chatter invitation and kisses his and
then here's the car which is that
there's the card here's the fact occur
oh come just lots of kissing only we
need just two more Donnie and so this is
the puzzle put together pretty cool
we're only missing you the daughters
it's Johnny in Rafael we need those ones
interest too good so I'm just happy that
we got for ya or not doubles yeah this
is the first time it a no doubles yep
for these characters i mean i think only
got the wouldn't you completed the DC
keychains we ain't getting doubles the
first time so we're really life at that
time i believe we got sweet hot 8
so we're really look at that time all
right well i really like these do i come
yeah well patty try to get some more so
that you can finish off this up mommy
and this this sword is bendable yeah for
the rubbery type stuff yeah the boss
alright well that was fun yeah and I'm
so happy we got please sure good one
Thank You Phi yeah there's a description